Release v0.4.4 (#156)
ASFHyP3/asf-tools: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/) 
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.4.4]

### Changed
* `asf-tools.water_map` now produces water extent rasters with pixels values of `1` where water is present and `0` where water is not present

> * `asf_tools.water_map` now uses the  updated [ASF Global HAND dataset](https://copernicus-hand-30m.s3.amazonaws.com/) derived from the [2021 release of the Copernicus GLO-30 Public DEM](https://spacedata.copernicus.eu/blogs/-/blogs/copernicus-dem-2021-release-now-available)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `asf_tools.water_map` now uses the  updated [ASF Global HAND dataset](https://glo-30-hand.s3.amazonaws.com/readme.html) derived from the [2021 release of the Copernicus GLO-30 Public DEM](https://spacedata.copernicus.eu/blogs/-/blogs/copernicus-dem-2021-release-now-available)
```
